If you can, it doesn't mean you should
Try out different camera modes
Accelerate + brake simultaneously to do a burnout
Cars handle best with a controller
Want to play with your family? You can turn off blood, cursing and cutscenes in settings.
Camera makes you dizzy? Try out different modes and adjust camera shake in settings.
Game runs at less than 60 FPS? You can reduce resolution, quality and amount of visual effects in settings.
Engines too loud? Adjust volume in settings.
Want to chat with other racers? Hop on to our Discord.
Want to drift like a pro? You just have to feel it! Practice makes perfect.
You can find more cars in Steam Workshop
Car damage degrades speed
It's way more fun to play with friends
You can cut some corners, but if you cut too much, you can get punished
Got stuck? You can reset your car anytime.
You can change camera modes, reset your car and use handbrake. Check out Settings > Input to see how.
What goes <b>splat</b> and gives you speed boost? A pedestrian!
Hit F12 to take a screenshot
No microtransactions, ever
Depending on circumstances, corner cutting penalties can be anything from extra harsh to completely forgiven by the judge
Pedestrians can occasionally take screenshots for you, if you turn that on in settings
Up to 4 people can play at once, in both Campaign and Custom Race
Campaigns are more fun in split screen
You cannot get COVID-19 while playing Bloody Rally Show (applies to non-portable devices located at home only)
Use "F2" to access Bloody Rally Show Operating System
Use arrow keys to rotate objects before placing them in Track Editor
Hold shift while rotating an object in Track Editor to get more precision
You can make roads overlap in Track Editor
Stage cards in Campaign can be flipped over to reveal extra actions
The first and only racing game where you can be a pedestrian! (GTA doesn't count)
You can download custom tracks from Steam Workshop
Share your custom tracks and cars in Steam Workshop
Visit Steam Workshop to find new tracks and cars
Steam Workshop Tracks have their own Leaderboards with Ghost Replays in Time Attack mode
The year is 2084
SOFACT, or Social Frontier of Activism, was once a huge tech company, that monopolized everything
This is all a part of Bloody Rally Show reality TV, organized by SOFACT
Pedestrians earn cash for taking close-up photos of the race
Pedestrians can become racers if they have enough cash to buy a car
If you lose your car or have no more money to participate in races, you will be demoted to a pedestrian
Winners of Bloody Rally Show season are greatly rewarded
You have to be in Top 3 at the end of the Season in order to qualify for the next one
Nitro boost refills when cars hit pedestrians. Organizers of Bloody Rally Show deny this.
There are many popular reality shows, but nothing gets as cruel as Bloody Rally Show. Viewers love it!
Welcome to Bloody Rally Show, a reality TV show where your goal is to survive
There are no countries left anymore, SOFACT has unified them all
Bloody Rally Show is based on Group B rally championships that were happening a century ago, before they were banned for high accident rates
All cars in Bloody Rally Show are built using old technologies of 1980s. Viewers do not like the sound of modern electric vehicles.
Some say Brace Stone can shoot lasers from his bionic eye
Tips can be toggled, reset and reviewed in "About" > "How To Play"
If you ignore the cat, it will usually go away
Brace Stone prefers vegan food options
This game is absolutely unfair
Want to take a perfect screenshot at a nice angle? Access Photo Mode when race is paused.
Have you tried Photo Mode? It will blow your mind.
You can use your own images for Avatars, Paint Jobs, and even whole Custom Car models
This game is DRM free. Brace Stone was not too happy about this.
Don't try to do any of this, anywhere, ever
You can help translate this game into your language! Find the instructions in StreamingAssets/Translations under game installation folder.